content/homepage/about.md, before:

---
title: Yash Lala
draft: false
#role: Example Role
avatar: images/yash-blue-profile.jpg
#bio: Aenean vel bibendum quam. Aliquam at mollis quam. Proin efficitur.
#organization:
#  name: Example Organization
#  url: https://example.com/
social:
  - icon: envelope
    iconPack: fas
    url: mailto:yashlala@ucla.edu
  - icon: github
    iconPack: fab
    url: https://github.com/yashlala
  # TODO LinkedIn icon doesn't exist. Can we spell out the links?
  - icon: linkedin
    iconPack: fab
    url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/yashlala/

weight: 1
widget:
  handler: about

  # Options: sm, md, lg and xl. Default is md.
  width:

  sidebar:
    # Options: left and right. Leave blank to hide.
    position:
    # Options: sm, md, lg and xl. Default is md.
    scale:
  
  background:
    # Options: primary, secondary, tertiary or any valid color value. Default is primary.
    color: secondary
    image:
    # Options: auto, cover and contain. Default is auto.
    size:
    # Options: center, top, right, bottom, left.
    position:
    # Options: fixed, local, scroll.
    attachment: 
---

Hello! I'm Yash. 

I finished my B.S. in Computer Science in Spring 2022. 
I'm broadly interested in systems for efficient data-center scale computing,
although my recent work focuses on [disaggregated memory](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02223.pdf) systems. 

If you'd like to chat, you can find me at
`yashlala [at] ucla [dot] edu`, or via the icons on the right.
Those same icons lead to my [GitHub](https://github.com/yashlala), etc.

Commit message:

Update about page to reflect Yale PhD.

content/homepage/about.md, after:

---
title: Yash Lala
draft: false
#role: Example Role
avatar: images/yash-blue-profile.jpg
#bio: Aenean vel bibendum quam. Aliquam at mollis quam. Proin efficitur.
#organization:
#  name: Example Organization
#  url: https://example.com/
social:
  - icon: envelope
    iconPack: fas
    url: mailto:yashlala@ucla.edu
  - icon: github
    iconPack: fab
    url: https://github.com/yashlala
  # TODO LinkedIn icon doesn't exist. Can we spell out the links?
  - icon: linkedin
    iconPack: fab
    url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/yashlala/

weight: 1
widget:
  handler: about

  # Options: sm, md, lg and xl. Default is md.
  width:

  sidebar:
    # Options: left and right. Leave blank to hide.
    position:
    # Options: sm, md, lg and xl. Default is md.
    scale:
  
  background:
    # Options: primary, secondary, tertiary or any valid color value. Default is primary.
    color: secondary
    image:
    # Options: auto, cover and contain. Default is auto.
    size:
    # Options: center, top, right, bottom, left.
    position:
    # Options: fixed, local, scroll.
    attachment: 
---

Hello! I'm Yash. 

I received my B.S. in Computer Science from UCLA in Spring 2022, and am
starting my Ph.D. at Yale in Fall 2023.  I'm broadly interested in systems for
efficient data-center scale computing, although my recent work focuses on
[disaggregated memory](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02223.pdf) systems. 

If you'd like to chat, you can find me at
`yashlala [at] yale [dot] edu`. The icons on the right of the page lead to
[GitHub](https://github.com/yashlala),
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yashlala/), etc.
